Add reformat argument to `use_rstudio()` (#1682)
r-lib/usethis: NEWS.md

# usethis (development version)

> `use_rstudio()` gains a `reformat` argument which allows you to opt-out of the default reformatting. `create_from_github()` uses this option in order to preserve the defaults of whoever created the project (#1679).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`use_rstudio()` gains a `reformat` argument which omits `.Rproj` settings that enforce file formatting conventions, e.g. around whitespace. `create_from_github()` uses this option when it introduces an `.Rproj` to a project that lacks one, making it easier to follow the project's existing conventions (#1679).
```
